
# Tuesday, March 16, 2021 7:00 pm

## Open

- Attendance; Cecely Jones, Devon Mobley, Diana Varnes, Dodzidenu Dzakuma, Kendall Werts, Maxx Crawford, Milecia McGregor, Se Yeon Kim, Emily Harden, Diana Varnes, Alex Ayon, Luke Crouch 
- Approved [January 2021 board meeting minutes](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2021/01_January_minutes.md)

## Officer Reports

- President - Everyone is doing great work! Keep it up! 
- Vice President
 	- [UG Attendance](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lITYsBNwOoe-NolzZqRmt_jwmGU2cIW_g0cwO0yzt88/edit?usp=sharing): 
	 	- 982 Attendees
 	- [Social Media:](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FyruvuJbMSklZlxgIqMzQU0UarVTDcMJcs0N25b4ako/edit?usp=sharing) 
	 	- 141 posts across Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter 
 	-  Treasurer 
	 	- [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1re21C41a4cPuzVJAsDvooOWNAMjTX10gg8Ue9K0-CGE/edit#gid=688400469)  
	 	- We expect to hit negative in September, need to find out how to make money soon
- Secretary 
	- No Report

## Program/Committee Reports

- Conferences & Events - Maxx
	- [UXOK Report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kRvw1wGGic_AZXU9WNmw1bdXMjlZvtqC/view?usp=sharing) (Feb 5, 2021) [Budget report](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CQUdIpnoJpjeVUbtM2UBSsdof1e9q70lmxqytoEV8fg/edit?usp=sharing)		- 465 Stream Numbers  
		- 241 Signed up via ticketing 
		- Made about $6,000, Expenses was about $5,000; made $1,917
		- Takeaways
			- Collect speaker information 
			- Update/share privacy policy with sponsors 
			- Promote swag earlier
			- A/V dress rehearsal 
			- 2022 Plans: August 2022 in person (7 speakers) goal of 200 attendees; avg ticket price of $150+
	- 200OK (May 21, 2021)
		- CFPs open until April 1 
		- 21 Submissions so far - need more speakers; if you know someone reach out to Maxx 
		- Sponsors: Heartland 
	- Thunderplains (Oct/Nov 2021)
		- It's planned for the fall in OKC; Wants a co-chair person to help Maxx run it (point people) 
		- Won't be at Cox Center; Emily & Kendall are trying to find a venue (Conference place next to Scissor Tail?)  
		- Innovation District; OU Graduate School & OSU has a discovery center 
		- Everyone send Emily & Maxx suggestions if you know of anywhere!
	

- User Groups - Milecia
	- [Handbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tgATF8RFd8X3C0T8Fomze8h8G5ducEZhqHCN8a8xQ5Q/edit?ts=6033f3f1) update: How we do sponsorships and paid advertising - sponsors pay for food/when we get to in person they get back. Supporters: can have any number of supporters but nobody has exclusivity to a UG. 
	- Reached out to UG without a logo or description on site - waiting to hear back from a few 
	- TEKSystems wants to do gift card giveaways. Seems like a shout out thing supporting UG since attendance is low. 
- Workshops & Civic Tech - Alex
	- New Workshops discussion (all below dates are tentative)
		- Met March 3rd Action Items
			- Workshop May 31st: Go Workshop - have someone lined up 
			- Workshop June 25th and 26th: Django Fest - will need to find sponsors so we break even 
			- Workshop July 17th: React 
			- Workshop August 21st: C#/.NET 
	-	Creating a [google form app](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ijmKstQ32CHglUclX4PJQ5LJ8qU1uW7pL49xz3_Dj2k/edit?userstoinvite=kimberlyacollins@gmail.com&ts=6046d336&actionButton=1)& creating a workshop checklist 
	-	Working on a job description this weekend 
	-	Workshop-pitches & application process 
	-	Civic Tech
		-	 Devon is having a meeting March 25th; other than that Alex will post on LinkedIn to funnel people into Civic Tech  
		-	Wants to come up with a founding document that states the purpose of what Techlahoma wants to do with this 
		-	Tagging projects as it goes so we can point people to entry points on where to work based on experience level ; Diana Varnes & Se Yeon Kim want to start volunteering here as well 
		-	Possible Civic Tech Hackathon in November 
		-	Discussing ways to get fundraising / ways to pay people to work on Civic Tech projects 
		-	Grant Watch - will find a way to get us into that 
- Streaming Committee - Dodzi 
	- Some updates on streaming & splitting videos and keeping the videos 
		- Biggest generator of content is FreeCodeCamp and they meet every week - get a lot of video content to process and put on YouTube. 
		- Had 4 trials streaming to Twitch & Youtube at the same time; want to simplify it.  
		- Developing a standard (from UXOK) of [templates](https://tulsaux.github.io/uxok-screensavers/) where UG's design their own start up and ending screen to keep it standard 
		- Training streamers to have a transition slide so people who split the videos will know where to split it 
	- Asking to do a blast to both Slack & LinkedIn for Volunteer "registration" 
		- Emily is getting with the Marketing Committee to make a graphic saying "thank you" for volunteers 
		
- Marketing Committee	
	- [Virtual Backgrounds](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1NZoBKoViokKPX2oJRVc6sFdbvdh08k0l)
		- Every board member has one now - start using it 
			- [Techlahoma.org/docstorage](https://www.techlahoma.org/docstorage) - Emily will add them there 
			- If you're ever looking for a document, look at DocStorage first 
		- If someone wants Emily to post things on Social Media use the [Social Media Request form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1oFKXJFI24G8yYkCVvnUInHtLa30GW7h5GwwaPYoJuoM/viewform?edit_requested=true) & she can post things; the board members should always retweet and like/share LinkedIn posts. 
		- Trying to get LinkedIn and Facebook more active 
		- When a YouTube video is uploaded it will automatically go to Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn 
		- Zapier sometimes has issues when posting - if you notice one send Emily a message 
		- Emily is looking for a Zapier assistant volunteer 
	- Newsletter Info
		- Emily is focusing on Neon switchover; newsletter info -testing marketing committee options (every 2 weeks vs every week) 
		- Formatting is different due to new system & she is working on the formatting 
- Fundraising Committee - Devon
	- Corporate Memberships
		- Biggest project for 2021 - Update: met with people who have done it in their Non-profit & companies who would be good partners. 
		- Met as a committee to discuss incentives to get companies attention 
		- Morphing into a corporate sales campaign model
		- Companies willing to give feedback - Heartland. New Community Director there that turned into a proposal including Sponsoring 200OK and Thunderplains (10k); invoices sent - huge win! 
	
	- Job Board (Online Tools like Ghost, Notion, Zoho, etc.)
		- Met with another organization that did a pilot program like this before; they had a service as a non-profit and used that to get corporate membership 
		- Tools in the past; either the tool didn't work or someone didn't have time to maintain it. Devon wants to revisit it as Techlahoma scales  & leverage tools not developed in-house with a developer to maintain it; have something like Techlahoma Help Wanted, Job Board, revisit as the organization scales
		- Reaching out to Recruiting Organizations and it falls in line with what we do as a community. 
	- Potential Giving Campaign 
		- Kendall & Devon discussed being in same range as our Runway running out we want a plan for how we will go about doing a campaign to raise money
		- Migrate to Neon - have somewhere for them to go as a Techlahoma member & tell them we run on time/resources of volunteers - here's the new donation link 
		- Fundraising: any money left over after 6 months of runway will go into a savings idea or towards Emily's hours. Starting to save so we can work towards affording something like that 
- Membership - Kendall
	- Sounds like a lot of people are looking for volunteers.
		- We should make a big volunteer push - make a list of volunteer job listings (job title and 1-2 sentences on what you need the volunteer to do)
		- Send Emily any volunteer jobs you need and she can set it up in Neon 


## Unfinished Business
- Alcohol Policy Update 
	- Be sure to read the document below - Devon might organize a meeting with UGLs to discuss this as well 
	- If UG wants to do alcohol their event might need to be at a bar / restaurant & make sure they are inclusive on people who don't want alcohol. 
	- Currently working on a draft of the policy - nothing is finalized yet  
	- Dodzidenu will write the official draft for Kendall to review & then we will vote on it 
	- [ABLE Findings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DaFrU6qBykvTGi_O4wlaDCUJie5aER7Za3oUhFla9ug)
- Retreat Update - Would like to pick a focus for the year. We can do that here if we have enough time, or we can schedule another meeting
	- Kendall is going to meet with everyone on their goals for the year 

- Address Update - done
- Internships - no progress yet 


## New Business
- Emily Misc
	- Neon Donation [links](https://www.techlahoma.org/donations)
	- Anyone on monthly donations should switch - including the board! 
	- Neon UG's trial run - need 2 more volunteers Milecia McGregor (Urban Coders Guild) volunteered. Looking for 1 more 
		- Techlahoma members can volunteer for programs here, register for events, donate and more in 1 system 
		- Create your [board member access](https://app.neonsso.com/login) & create your [member access](https://techlahoma.z2systems.com/np/clients/techlahoma/account.jsp) to Neon as well - Emily emailed the board so they can get that done 
		

## Thank Yous

## Adjourn
