# Tuesday, May 18th, 2021 7:00 pm

## Open

- Attendance (please be on call with video enabled)
	- Cecely Jones, Kendall Werts, Devon Mobley, Se Yeon Kim, Emily, Dodzidenu Dzakuma, Luke Crouch, Milecia McGregor, Diana Varnes, Mikeal Vaughn, Maxx Crawford, Alex Ayon
- Approved [March 2020 Minutes](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2021/03_March_minutes.md)

## Officer Reports

- President (Kendall)
  - No report, b/c I have a thousand things in new business!
- Vice President (Diana)
	- No report
- Treasurer (Se Yeon Kim)
	- Runway 
	- Will run out of money in November
	- Networking Fair? If we feel motivated to do so we can. Ideally Tulsa, but if the volunteer who takes over the fair is in OKC so do that. 
	- Let Se Yeon Kim know if we decide to do a Networking Fair before (Maxx Crawford would run that if so) 
- Secretary 
	- No Report

## Program/Committee Reports

- Conferences & Events - Maxx
	- [Update on 200OK](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t0NGdwW-w7CoJF3kfFc3xJmpofOHOJ4in-a_6RpkSWI/edit#slide=id.gc881a250d2_0_6)
		- 9 sponsors 
		- Doing some inperson (Holberton TUL) 
		- Attendance (right now): 80 people
		- Total Profit: $6,250 
		- 3 Shirt Ideas 
		- Planning
			- Looking at venues 
			- Possible Host (Cam Perry) 
			- Main Theme possible (JavaScript vs Web Dev)
			- Considering partnering with Sean again
- User Groups - Milecia
	- Usergroups are meeting in person - will we provide funding for food or venue? 
		- Vote: Passed 
		- We budgeted for food - so yes we can provide food (need to remind them of what the budget is though)
		-  Venues can determine if masks are required or not 
		- If they want venue funding we might have to look at it again; but there are free options 

- Workshops & Civic Tech - Alex
	- No report 
- Streaming Committee - Dodzi 
	- Trialing new stuff to Twitch & Youtube of having usergroups streaming for direct their chat to the Slack channel instead of the Twitch/Youtube 
		- Pros: interactions in Slack / threads / easy to field questions because in the same place. Easier overall & helps build community 
- Marketing Committee - Emily
	- Working on Social Media Pushes
		- Mostly for 200OK - links in slack: like and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/techlahoma), [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/techlahoma), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/techlahoma-foundation/) (everyone!!!)
	- Google Ads
		- Yes, we have permission to run them 
		- Started 5/18/2020: $60/month - got a free promo to get $150 if we spend $150. Get free money in googleads. Directing people to Techlahoma website. 
		- If you have marketing needs reach out to Emily 
	- Can we get [schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xLEzSrZdUKeqlk-wMavdVG8gS-GwANfvHU5g6umFBfM/edit) finalized for rest of year? Workshops and Confs
		- Getting with everyone to get this done so we can put on social media 
	- Neon Rollout Update
		- Behind a little bit due to complexity 
		- TulsaWebDevs is on Neon 
		- Floated the idea in a usergroup and they were reluctant- might have to work on switching how we get people to switch over 
		- Looking at giving all the usergroups a page on our website & redirecting them to Neon 
	- [Rebranding](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdqrRBFdZ52olIkFa04HJqGZ2VT0w4lZlc2S13XcccuvqZj5A/viewform)
		- [Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdqrRBFdZ52olIkFa04HJqGZ2VT0w4lZlc2S13XcccuvqZj5A/viewform) on our rebranding (take it). Seeing what people know of Techlahoma and what they know/don't know 
		- Thanks Maxx for making the survey! 
- Fundraising Committee - Devon
	- Devon will talk to Alex about doing a Networking Fair in August 
	- Met with Beta people on corporate sponsorship; reprioritized. Best order of operations is to focus on a Summer Time Individual Campaign 
	- Individual Campaign
		- With activity Emily gave us with rise in events (and in person events) we can capitalize in our position to campaign 
		- Still working on details - more to come 
		- June/July individual campaign and digital marketing push on that + matching 
	- Grant Writing Project
		- Evaluating what Individual Campaign + Workshops make the runway look like 
		- Want to have funds to get the WriteOn Campaign started to earmark for the project 
	- Corporate Memberships 
		- Tabling the deign of this for now to focus on the other two for now 
- Membership - Kendall
	- Any ideas for new volunteer gifts since we are running out? Let Kendall know! Almost out of mugs 
- Code of Conduct Committee - Se Yeon
	- Completing final decision on conduct violation
		- Found languages on Code of Conduct to improve - will vote on that later. 
	- Reached out to Asian Task Force (with YWCA) to have a panel discussion about Diversity and Inclusion, learning to be a better ally/bystander, and other D+I workshop
		- Asking people within organizations to be a volunteer to have a panel convo and techlahoma can listen 
	- How to be more proactive rather than a reactive Code of Conduct Committee
		- We are reactive and we need to be more proactive on these things 
	- Diversifying the voices in Techlahoma and Code of Conduct Committee
		- Targeted adds or marketing to more opening / welcoming to actively recruiting diversity on the Code of Conduct Committee - if you know someone then let them know and let Se Yeon know so she can invite them to join the committee 

## Unfinished Business
- Alcohol Policy Update 
	- Need a better policy 
- Retreat Update
	- Could do one soon?
	- In order to get to know each other
	- Set goals for next 6-12 months
- Internships - Apprenticeships
	- We have been working on this, but I didn't have time to gather materials for you
		- Software Developer apprenticeships
	- Please talk to companies to gauge interest if you have the opportunity.
		- If you talk to companies / managers in the next few weeks & tell them about this idea; need a way to gauge the interest 
		- Want 5-10 Apprenticeships across Oklahoma 
		- We will need to vote on this before anything is final 
	- Idea is Techlahoma would do most training
	- No funding for apprentices, but some comp available for compensation for time of the mentors.
- Neon UG's trial run

## New Business

- Tech ++ type event in Tulsa
	- Working with inTulsa and 36 degrees North (others?)
- Cam Perry's event for junior developers
	- We can help with possibly finding judges, sponsorships
	- Have a Hackathon by Jr Devs judged at the end but judged by managers at local companies; idea is to get jobs for Jr Devs. 1st / 2nd prize is an internship but possible other prizes too 
	- He wants to do / make it a "show" take videos of people and have them talk about themselves / talk about life story. Put it together & produce a video and produce a show 
	- If you're talking to someone that might be interested mention it to them to participate / be a judge 
- Looking into a guide to handling employment in OK
	- Talked with Jeff Yenzer
		- Can write a packet that tells a company to do XYZ to be set up in Oklahoma and it might help 
		- He will need help making it pretty
		

## Thank Yous

## Adjourn
